OneDrive Sync Agent Health Report Changes (#3998)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/sync-health.md

    > [!NOTE]
    > When you generate a new key for the first time, it can take up to 30 seconds for it to appear.

6. Enable the OneDrive EnableSyncAdminReports setting via Group Policy Object or Intune.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > **You must enable this setting on the devices from which you want to get reports using one of the below methods.** This setting does not affect users. We recommend a gradual rollout starting with a few test devices per day, then up to 100 devices per day, then gradually up to 10,000 devices per day until you finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **You must enable this setting on the devices from which you want to get reports using one of the following methods.** This setting does not affect users. We recommend a gradual rollout starting with a few test devices per day, then up to 100 devices per day, then gradually up to 10,000 devices per day until you are done.
```

### Group Policy

You can enable this setting in multiple ways:

- Edit the registry

    a. Go to HKLM\SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\OneDrive

>     b. Right-click > **New** > **DWORD (32-bit) Value**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    b. **Right-click** > **New** > **DWORD (32-bit) Value**
```

    c. Name: EnableSyncAdminReports

    d. Type: REG_DWORD

    e. Data: 1

    :::image type="content" source="media/createregkey.png" alt-text="Screenshot image depicting the creation of a new key in the Registry Editor":::

- Run Command Prompt as an administrator, and then run the following command:

   ```PowerShell
    reg.exe add HKLM\Software\Policies\Microsoft\OneDrive /v EnableSyncAdminReports /t REG_DWORD /d 1
   ```

- Use [Group Policy](use-group-policy.md#manage-onedrive-using-group-policy).

To apply the setting on a single PC, follow these steps:

- Open Group Policy Editor (gpedit.msc).

- Go to Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates\OneDrive.

- Choose **Enable sync health reporting for OneDrive**.

> - Select **Enabled** and then press **OK**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select **Enabled** and then select **OK**.
```

  
### Intune

To apply the setting through Intune, we recommend that you use the "Settings Catalog" profile type:

> -  Go to [Microsoft Intune Admin Center](https://intune.microsoft.com) and sign in as a global admin, Intune admin role, or an account with sufficient RBAC permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Go to [Microsoft Intune Admin Center](https://intune.microsoft.com) and sign in as a global admin, Intune admin, or an account with sufficient RBAC permissions.
```

> -  Click on Devices, Windows, and then click on "Configuration profiles".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Select **Devices** > **Windows**, and then select **Configuration profiles**.
```

-  Edit or create a new OneDrive profile (Platform - "Windows 10 and later", Profile type - "Settings Catalog").

> -  If creating a new profile, provide a name for the profile and go to the Configuration settings tab. If editing a profile, you will by default go direct to the Configuration settings tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  If creating a new profile, provide a name for the profile and go to the Configuration settings tab. If editing a profile, you will by default go directly to the Configuration settings tab.
```

> -  Click on "Add setting" and the Settings picker will be displayed on the right side of the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Select **Add setting** and the Settings picker will be displayed on the right side of the UI.
```

-  In the search bar, add "OneDrive". Alternatively you can scroll down to the OneDrive settings.

-  Click on the checkbox next to the "Enable sync health reporting for OneDrive" setting name.

> -  Close the Settings picker from the "X" at the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Close the Settings picker from the **X** at the top right.
```

> =======

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Edit the registry

    a. Go to HKLM\SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\OneDrive

>     b. Right-click > **New** > **DWORD (32-bit) Value**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    b. **Right-click** > **New** > **DWORD (32-bit) Value**
```

    c. Name: EnableSyncAdminReports

    d. Type: REG_DWORD

    e. Data: 1

    :::image type="content" source="media/createregkey.png" alt-text="Screenshot image depicting the creation of a new key in the Registry Editor":::

- Run Command Prompt as an administrator, and then run the following command:

   ```PowerShell
    reg.exe add HKLM\Software\Policies\Microsoft\OneDrive /v EnableSyncAdminReports /t REG_DWORD /d 1
   ```

- Use [Group Policy](use-group-policy.md#manage-onedrive-using-group-policy).

> To apply the setting on a single PC, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply the setting on a single device, follow these steps:
```

- Open Group Policy Editor (gpedit.msc).

- Go to Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates\OneDrive.

- Choose **Enable sync health reporting for OneDrive**.

> - Select **Enabled** and then press **OK**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select **Enabled** and then select **OK**.
```

  
### Intune

To apply the setting through Intune, we recommend that you use the "Settings Catalog" profile type:

> -  Go to [Microsoft Intune Admin Center](https://intune.microsoft.com) and sign in as a global admin, Intune admin role, or an account with sufficient RBAC permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Go to [Microsoft Intune Admin Center](https://intune.microsoft.com) and sign in as a global admin, Intune admin, or an account with sufficient RBAC permissions.
```

> -  Click on Devices, Windows, and then click on "Configuration profiles".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Select **Devices** > **Windows**, and then select **Configuration profiles**.
```

-  Edit or create a new OneDrive profile (Platform - "Windows 10 and later", Profile type - "Settings Catalog").

> -  If creating a new profile, provide a name for the profile and go to the Configuration settings tab. If editing a profile, you will by default go direct to the Configuration settings tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  If creating a new profile, provide a name for the profile and go to the Configuration settings tab. If editing a profile, you will by default go directly to the Configuration settings tab.
```

> -  Click on "Add setting" and the Settings picker will be displayed on the right side of the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Select **Add setting** and the Settings picker will be displayed on the right side of the UI.
```

-  In the search bar, add "OneDrive". Alternatively you can scroll down to the OneDrive settings.

-  Click on the checkbox next to the "Enable sync health reporting for OneDrive" setting name.

> -  Close the Settings picker from the "X" at the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Close the Settings picker from the **X** at the top right.
```

> -  Click on the toggle switch to set "Enable sync health reporting for OneDrive" to "Enabled".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Select the toggle switch to set "Enable sync health reporting for OneDrive" to **Enabled**.
```

> -  If creating a new profile, continue through the wizard, assing scope tags if required, and assigning the profile as required. If you are editing the profile, click on the "Review + save" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  If creating a new profile, continue through the step-by-step guide, assigning scope tags if required, and assigning the profile as required. If you are editing the profile, select **Review + save**.
```
